Entity cache invalidation documentation (#5889)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/entity-caching.mdx

      "data": "key2"
    }
}
```

> ### Invalidation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Entity cache invalidation
```

> Entity caching provides multiple ways to invalidate data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When existing cache entries need to be replaced, the router supports a couple ways for you to invalidate entity cache entries:
```

Reviewer 2: "a couple of ways"

> - an invalidation endpoint exposed by the router, that can receive invalidation requests from any authorized service out of band. This can be used by the subgraph to asynchronously trigger invalidation events, or by the platform operator to maintain the caching levels
> - invalidation requests can be sent through subgraph response extensions, allowing the subgraph to invalidate cached data right after a mutation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Invalidation endpoint** - the router exposes an invalidation that can receive invalidation requests from any authorized service out-of-band. A subgraph can use this endpoint to asynchronously trigger invalidation events, or a platform operator can use it to maintain the caching levels.
- **Subgraph response extensions** - you can send invalidation requests via subgraph response extensions, allowing a subgraph to invalidate cached data right after a mutation.
```

Reviewer 2: Minor correction to Edward's copy

- **Invalidation endpoint** - the router exposes an invalidation **endpoint** that can receive invalidation requests from any authorized service out-of-band. A subgraph can use this endpoint to asynchronously trigger invalidation events, or a platform operator can use it to maintain the caching levels.

> Invalidation requests can be used to invalidate a large number of cached entries at once, matching either:
> - all cached entries for a specific subgraph
> - all cached entries for a specific type in a specific subgraph
> - all cached entries for a specific entity in a specific subgraph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One invalidation request can invalidate multiple cached entries at once. It can invalidate:
- All cached entries for a specific subgraph
- All cached entries for a specific type in a specific subgraph
- All cached entries for a specific entity in a specific subgraph
```

> An invalidation request is processed first by sending a `SCAN` command to Redis to find all the keys that match the invalidation request. Upon iterating over the scan cursor, the router will send a `DEL` command to Redis to remove the matching keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To process an invalidation request, the router first sends a `SCAN` command to Redis to find all the keys that match the invalidation request. After iterating over the scan cursor, the router sends a `DEL` command to Redis to remove the matching keys.
```

#### Configuration

> Invalidation can be configured both globally, and overriden per subgraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure entity cache invalidation both globally (`preview_entity_cache.subgraph.all.invalidation`) and per subgraph (`preview_entity_cache.subgraph.subgraphs.invalidation`). 
```

        # this should only be exposed to internal networks
        listen: "127.0.0.1:3000"
        path: "/invalidation"
        # base64 string that will be provided in the `Authorization: Basic` header value
        shared_key: "agm3ipv7egb78dmxzv0gr5q0t5l6qs37"
    subgraphs:
      products:
        # per subgraph invalidation configuration
        invalidation:
          # whether invalidation is enabled for this subgraph
          enabled: true
          # override the shared key for this particular subgraph. If another key is provided, the invalidation requests for this subgraph's entities will not be executed
          shared_key: "czn5qvjylm231m90hu00hgsuayhyhgjv"
```

#### Invalidation request format

Invalidation requests are sent as JSON objects with the following format:

- Subgraph invalidation request:

```json
{
  "kind": "subgraph",
  "subgraph": "accounts"
}
```

- Subgraph type invalidation request:

```json
{
  "kind": "subgraph",
  "subgraph": "accounts",
  "type": "User"
}
```

- Subgraph entity invalidation request:

```json
{
  "kind": "subgraph",
  "subgraph": "accounts",
  "type": "User",
  "key": {
    "id": "1"
  }
}
```

> This is the same key format used by the router in the `representations` field for `_entities` queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>

This is the same key format used by the router in the `representations` field for `_entities` queries.

</Note>

```

#### Invalidation HTTP endpoint

> The invalidation endpoint exposed by the router can receive multiple invalidation requests at once and will process them in sequence. A shared key can be provided in the request as authorization. As an example, with the precedent configuration, we could send the following request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The invalidation endpoint exposed by the router can receive multiple invalidation requests at once and will process them in sequence. For authorization, you can provide a shared key in the request. For example, with the previous configuration you can send the following request:
```

#### Invalidation through subgraph response extensions

A subgraph can return an `invalidation` array with invalidation requests in its response's `extensions` field.

```json
{
  "data": { "invalidateProductReview": 1 },
  "extensions": {
      "invalidation": [{
          "kind": "entity",
          "subgraph": "invalidation-entity-key-reviews",
          "type": "Product",
          "key": {
              "upc": "1"
          }
      }]
  }
}
```

#### Observability

Invalidation requests are instrumented with the following metrics:
- `apollo.router.operations.entity.invalidation.event`, counter triggered when a batch of invalidation requests is received. It has a label `origin` that can be either `endpoint` or `extensions`
- `apollo.router.operations.entity.invalidation.entry`, counter measuring how many entries are removed per `DEL` call. It has a label `origin` that can be either `endpoint` or `extensions`, and a label `subgraph.name` with the name of the subgraph that the request is for
- `apollo.router.cache.invalidation.keys`, histogram measuring the number of keys that were removed from Redis per invalidation request

> - `apollo.router.cache.invalidation.duration`, histogram measuring the time spent handling one invalidation requestt

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `apollo.router.cache.invalidation.duration`, histogram measuring the time spent handling one invalidation request
```

> - `apollo.router.operations.entity.invalidation.event`, counter triggered when a batch of invalidation requests is received. It has a label `origin` that can be either `endpoint` or `extensions`
> - `apollo.router.operations.entity.invalidation.entry`, counter measuring how many entries are removed per `DEL` call. It has a label `origin` that can be either `endpoint` or `extensions`, and a label `subgraph.name` with the name of the subgraph that the request is for
> - `apollo.router.cache.invalidation.keys`, histogram measuring the number of keys that were removed from Redis per invalidation request
> - `apollo.router.cache.invalidation.duration`, histogram measuring the time spent handling one invalidation requestt
> 
> It is also reported under the following spans:
> - `cache.invalidation.batch`, span covering the processing of a list of invalidation requests. It has a label `origin` that can be either `endpoint` or `extensions`
> - `cache.invalidation.request`, span covering the processing of a single invalidation request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `apollo.router.operations.entity.invalidation.event` - counter triggered when a batch of invalidation requests is received. It has a label `origin` that can be either `endpoint` or `extensions`.
- `apollo.router.operations.entity.invalidation.entry` - counter measuring how many entries are removed per `DEL` call. It has a label `origin` that can be either `endpoint` or `extensions`, and a label `subgraph.name` with the name of the receiving subgraph.
- `apollo.router.cache.invalidation.keys` - histogram measuring the number of keys that were removed from Redis per invalidation request.
- `apollo.router.cache.invalidation.duration` - histogram measuring the time spent handling one invalidation request.

Invalidation requests are also reported under the following spans:
- `cache.invalidation.batch` - span covering the processing of a list of invalidation requests. It has a label `origin` that can be either `endpoint` or `extensions`.
- `cache.invalidation.request` - span covering the processing of a single invalidation request.
```

### Failure cases

> Entity caching will greatly reduce traffic to subgraphs, resulting in smaller infrastructure needed to serve more client traffic. In the rare cases where Redis is unavailable, the router should be configured with rate limiting for subgraph requests, to avoid overwhelming the subgraphs. It can also be paired with subgraph query deduplication to further reduce traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entity caching will greatly reduce traffic to subgraphs, resulting in less infrastructure to serve more client traffic. In the rare case where Redis is unavailable, the router should be configured with [rate limiting for subgraph requests](/router/configuration/traffic-shaping/#rate-limiting-1) to avoid overwhelming the subgraphs. It can also be paired with [subgraph query deduplication](/router/configuration/traffic-shaping/#query-deduplication) to further reduce traffic.
```

        # this should only be exposed to internal networks
        listen: "127.0.0.1:3000"
        path: "/invalidation"
        # base64 string that will be provided in the `Authorization: Basic` header value
        shared_key: "agm3ipv7egb78dmxzv0gr5q0t5l6qs37"
    subgraphs:
      products:
        # per subgraph invalidation configuration
        invalidation:
          # whether invalidation is enabled for this subgraph
          enabled: true
          # override the shared key for this particular subgraph. If another key is provided, the invalidation requests for this subgraph's entities will not be executed
          shared_key: "czn5qvjylm231m90hu00hgsuayhyhgjv"
```

#### Invalidation request format

Invalidation requests are sent as JSON objects with the following format:

- Subgraph invalidation request:

```json
{
  "kind": "subgraph",
  "subgraph": "accounts"
}
```

- Subgraph type invalidation request:

```json
{
  "kind": "subgraph",
  "subgraph": "accounts",
  "type": "User"
}
```

- Subgraph entity invalidation request:

```json
{
  "kind": "subgraph",
  "subgraph": "accounts",
  "type": "User",
  "key": {
    "id": "1"
  }
}
```

<Note>

> This is the same key format used by the router in the `representations` field for `_entities` queries.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The key field is the same arguments as defined in the subgraph's `@key` directive. If a subgraph has multiple keys defined and the entity is being invalidated, it is likely you'll need to send a request for each key definition. 
```

Reviewer 3: Most subgraph authors do not care or know about the `representations` arg here; it's an implementation detail for their subgraph that most teams have abstracted.

Author: good point yes

</Note>

#### Invalidation HTTP endpoint

> The invalidation endpoint exposed by the router can receive multiple invalidation requests at once and will process them in sequence. For authorization, you can provide a shared key in the request. For example, with the previous configuration you can send the following request:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The invalidation endpoint exposed by the router can receive multiple invalidation requests at once and will process them in sequence. 

For authorization, you can provide a shared key in the request. For example, with the previous configuration you can send the following request:
```

```
POST http://127.0.0.1:3000/invalidation
Authorization: agm3ipv7egb78dmxzv0gr5q0t5l6qs37
Content-Length:96
Content-Type:application/json
Accept: application/json

[{
    "kind": "type",
    "subgraph": "invalidation-subgraph-type-accounts",
    "type": "Query"
}]
```

> We would expect the following response:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The router would send the following response:
```

      "data": "key2"
    }
}
```

### Entity cache invalidation

When existing cache entries need to be replaced, the router supports a couple of ways for you to invalidate entity cache entries:

> - **Invalidation endpoint** - the router exposes an invalidation endpoint that can receive invalidation requests from any authorized service out-of-band. A subgraph can use this endpoint to asynchronously trigger invalidation events, or a platform operator can use it to maintain the caching levels.

Reviewer 4: In what sense is it asynchronous? The invalidation endpoint waits for the DEL operations to complete and returns a count, which is the number of scanned entries, to the client. That sounds synchronous to me (at least with respect to the client request).

Author: asynchronous as in it does not have to do that in the middle of handling a request. That can be sent at any point in time

Reviewer 4: Ah. I find it a bit confusing because the invalidation endpoint itself is synchronous. I'll see if I can think of a better way to describe that.

#### Configuration

You can configure entity cache invalidation both globally (`preview_entity_cache.subgraph.all.invalidation`) and per subgraph (`preview_entity_cache.subgraph.subgraphs.invalidation`). 

```yaml title="router.yaml"
preview_entity_cache:
  enabled: true
  redis:
    urls: ["redis://..."]

  subgraph:
    all:
      enabled: true
      # global invalidation configuration
      invalidation:
        # address of the invalidation endpoint
        # this should only be exposed to internal networks
        listen: "127.0.0.1:3000"
        path: "/invalidation"
        # base64 string that will be provided in the `Authorization: Basic` header value
        shared_key: "agm3ipv7egb78dmxzv0gr5q0t5l6qs37"
    subgraphs:
      products:
        # per subgraph invalidation configuration
        invalidation:
          # whether invalidation is enabled for this subgraph
          enabled: true
          # override the shared key for this particular subgraph. If another key is provided, the invalidation requests for this subgraph's entities will not be executed
          shared_key: "czn5qvjylm231m90hu00hgsuayhyhgjv"
```

#### Invalidation request format

> Invalidation requests are sent as JSON objects with the following format:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Invalidation requests are defined as JSON objects with the following format:
```
I don't think you can "send" an individual invalidation request to the endpoint. I believe it has to be an array (as documented below).

- Subgraph invalidation request:

```json
{
  "kind": "subgraph",
  "subgraph": "accounts"
}
```

- Subgraph type invalidation request:

```json
{
  "kind": "subgraph",
  "subgraph": "accounts",
  "type": "User"
}
```

- Subgraph entity invalidation request:

```json
{
  "kind": "subgraph",
  "subgraph": "accounts",
  "type": "User",
  "key": {
    "id": "1"
  }
}
```

<Note>

This is the same key format used by the router in the `representations` field for `_entities` queries.

</Note>

#### Invalidation HTTP endpoint

> The invalidation endpoint exposed by the router can receive multiple invalidation requests at once and will process them in sequence. For authorization, you can provide a shared key in the request. For example, with the previous configuration you can send the following request:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The invalidation endpoint exposed by the router expects to receive an array of invalidation requests and will process them in sequence. For authorization, you must provide a shared key in the request header. For example, with the previous configuration you should send the following request:
```

```
POST http://127.0.0.1:3000/invalidation
Authorization: agm3ipv7egb78dmxzv0gr5q0t5l6qs37
Content-Length:96
Content-Type:application/json
Accept: application/json

[{
    "kind": "type",
    "subgraph": "invalidation-subgraph-type-accounts",
    "type": "Query"
}]
```

We would expect the following response:

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "count": 300
}
```

> The `count` field indicates the number of keys that were removed from Redis.

Reviewer 4: It's possibly a technicality, but we haven't implemented this. The invalidation `delete` function actually uses the number of matching keys from the scan. The underlying `RedisCacheStorage` `delete` function returns an `Option` which does contain the number of deleted keys, so we could fix that as something like:
```
-                        count += keys.len() as u64;
-                        storage.delete(keys).await;
+                        count += storage.delete(keys).await.unwrap_or(0) as u64;
```

Author: that change has been merged now

          }
      }]
  }
}
```

#### Observability

Invalidation requests are instrumented with the following metrics:
- `apollo.router.operations.entity.invalidation.event` - counter triggered when a batch of invalidation requests is received. It has a label `origin` that can be either `endpoint` or `extensions`.
- `apollo.router.operations.entity.invalidation.entry` - counter measuring how many entries are removed per `DEL` call. It has a label `origin` that can be either `endpoint` or `extensions`, and a label `subgraph.name` with the name of the receiving subgraph.
- `apollo.router.cache.invalidation.keys` - histogram measuring the number of keys that were removed from Redis per invalidation request.
- `apollo.router.cache.invalidation.duration` - histogram measuring the time spent handling one invalidation request.

Invalidation requests are also reported under the following spans:
- `cache.invalidation.batch` - span covering the processing of a list of invalidation requests. It has a label `origin` that can be either `endpoint` or `extensions`.
- `cache.invalidation.request` - span covering the processing of a single invalidation request.

### Failure cases

> Entity caching will greatly reduce traffic to subgraphs, resulting in less infrastructure to serve more client traffic. In the rare case where Redis is unavailable, the router should be configured with [rate limiting for subgraph requests](/router/configuration/traffic-shaping/#rate-limiting-1) to avoid overwhelming the subgraphs. It can also be paired with [subgraph query deduplication](/router/configuration/traffic-shaping/#query-deduplication) to further reduce traffic.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Entity caching will greatly reduce traffic to subgraphs. Should there be an availability issue with a Redis cache, this could cause traffic to subgraphs to increase to a level where infrastructure becomes overwhelmed. To avoid such issues, the router should be configured with [rate limiting for subgraph requests](/router/configuration/traffic-shaping/#rate-limiting-1) to avoid overwhelming the subgraphs. It could also be paired with [subgraph query deduplication](/router/configuration/traffic-shaping/#query-deduplication) to further reduce traffic.
```

      "data": "key2"
    }
}
```

### Entity cache invalidation

When existing cache entries need to be replaced, the router supports a couple of ways for you to invalidate entity cache entries:

> - **Invalidation endpoint** - the router exposes an invalidation endpoint that can receive invalidation requests from any authorized service out-of-band. A subgraph can use this endpoint to asynchronously trigger invalidation events, or a platform operator can use it to maintain the caching levels.

Reviewer 4: Is this an improvement?

```suggestion
- **Invalidation endpoint** - the router exposes an invalidation endpoint that can receive invalidation requests from any authorized service. This is primarily intended as an alternative to the extensions mechanism described below. For example a subgraph could use it to trigger invalidation events "out of band" from any requests received by the router or a platform operator could use it to invalidate cache entries in response to events which aren't directly related to a router.
```

Author: sounds good

- **Subgraph response extensions** - you can send invalidation requests via subgraph response extensions, allowing a subgraph to invalidate cached data right after a mutation.

One invalidation request can invalidate multiple cached entries at once. It can invalidate:
- All cached entries for a specific subgraph
- All cached entries for a specific type in a specific subgraph
- All cached entries for a specific entity in a specific subgraph

To process an invalidation request, the router first sends a `SCAN` command to Redis to find all the keys that match the invalidation request. After iterating over the scan cursor, the router sends a `DEL` command to Redis to remove the matching keys.

#### Configuration

You can configure entity cache invalidation both globally (`preview_entity_cache.invalidation`) and per subgraph (`preview_entity_cache.subgraph.subgraphs.invalidation`).

```yaml title="router.yaml"
preview_entity_cache:
  enabled: true

  # global invalidation configuration
  invalidation:
    # address of the invalidation endpoint
    # this should only be exposed to internal networks
    listen: "127.0.0.1:3000"
    path: "/invalidation"

>     # base64 string that will be provided in the `Authorization: Basic` header value
>     shared_key: "agm3ipv7egb78dmxzv0gr5q0t5l6qs37"
> 
>   subgraph:
>     all:
>       enabled: true
>       redis:
>         urls: ["redis://..."]
>     subgraphs:
>       products:
>         # per subgraph invalidation configuration
>         invalidation:
>           # whether invalidation is enabled for this subgraph
>           enabled: true
>           # override the shared key for this particular subgraph. If another key is provided, the invalidation requests for this subgraph's entities will not be executed
>           shared_key: "czn5qvjylm231m90hu00hgsuayhyhgjv"

Author: ```suggestion

  subgraph:
    all:
      enabled: true
      redis:
        urls: ["redis://..."]
      invalidation:
        # base64 string that will be provided in the `Authorization: Basic` header value
        shared_key: "agm3ipv7egb78dmxzv0gr5q0t5l6qs37"
    subgraphs:
      products:
        # per subgraph invalidation configuration
        invalidation:
          # whether invalidation is enabled for this subgraph
          enabled: true
          # override the shared key for this particular subgraph. If another key is provided, the invalidation requests for this subgraph's entities will not be executed
          shared_key: "czn5qvjylm231m90hu00hgsuayhyhgjv"
```

      "data": "key2"
    }
}
```

### Entity cache invalidation

When existing cache entries need to be replaced, the router supports a couple of ways for you to invalidate entity cache entries:

> - **Invalidation endpoint** - the router exposes an invalidation endpoint that can receive invalidation requests from any authorized service. This is primarily intended as an alternative to the extensions mechanism described below. For example a subgraph could use it to trigger invalidation events "out of band" from any requests received by the router or a platform operator could use it to invalidate cache entries in response to events which aren't directly related to a router.

Reviewer 5: can this link to the `Invalidation HTTP Endpoint` header? As I was reading through this, I kept thinking this endpoint is done through regular `router.yaml`, i.e. the section that follows right after this.

Author: done in 4cd883cbf

> - **Subgraph response extensions** - you can send invalidation requests via subgraph response extensions, allowing a subgraph to invalidate cached data right after a mutation.

Reviewer 5: It would be good to explain how to choose between the two options.

One invalidation request can invalidate multiple cached entries at once. It can invalidate:
- All cached entries for a specific subgraph
- All cached entries for a specific type in a specific subgraph
- All cached entries for a specific entity in a specific subgraph

To process an invalidation request, the router first sends a `SCAN` command to Redis to find all the keys that match the invalidation request. After iterating over the scan cursor, the router sends a `DEL` command to Redis to remove the matching keys.

#### Configuration

> You can configure entity cache invalidation both globally (`preview_entity_cache.invalidation`) and per subgraph (`preview_entity_cache.subgraph.subgraphs.invalidation`).

Reviewer 5: I assume that you wouldn't normally want to do both at the same time? or is it expected that you'd usually have a global **and** a per subgraph invalidation? If not, I think I'd prefer that we show two separate yaml examples for global and subgraph invalidations. Makes it a bit more explicit and easier to read.

Author: we can have both, and per subgraph is an override of the global config.

- `apollo.router.cache.invalidation.keys` - histogram measuring the number of keys that were removed from Redis per invalidation request.
- `apollo.router.cache.invalidation.duration` - histogram measuring the time spent handling one invalidation request.

Invalidation requests are also reported under the following spans:
- `cache.invalidation.batch` - span covering the processing of a list of invalidation requests. It has a label `origin` that can be either `endpoint` or `extensions`.
- `cache.invalidation.request` - span covering the processing of a single invalidation request.

#### Failure cases

Entity caching will greatly reduce traffic to subgraphs. Should there be an availability issue with a Redis cache, this could cause traffic to subgraphs to increase to a level where infrastructure becomes overwhelmed. To avoid such issues, the router should be configured with [rate limiting for subgraph requests](/router/configuration/traffic-shaping/#rate-limiting-1) to avoid overwhelming the subgraphs. It could also be paired with [subgraph query deduplication](/router/configuration/traffic-shaping/#query-deduplication) to further reduce traffic.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

#### Scalability and performance

The scalability and performance of entity cache invalidation is based on its implementation with the Redis [`SCAN` command](https://redis.io/docs/latest/commands/scan/). The `SCAN` command provides a cursor for iterating over the entire key space and returns a list of keys matching a pattern. When executing an invalidation request, the router first runs a series of `SCAN` calls and then it runs [`DEL`](https://redis.io/docs/latest/commands/del/) calls for any matching keys. 

The time complexity of a single invalidation request grows linearly with the number of entries, as each entry requires `SCAN` to iterate over. The router can also execute multiple invalidation requests simultaneously. This lowers latency but might increase the load on Redis instances.

To help tune invalidation performance and scalability, you should benchmark the ratio of the invalidation rate against the number of entries that will be recorded. If it's too low, you can tune it with the following:
- Increase the number of pooled Redis connections.
- Increasing the `SCAN` count option. This shouldn't be too large, with 1000 as a generally reasonable value, because larger values will reduce the operation throughput of the Redis instance.
- Use separate Redis instances for some subgraphs.
```

- **Subgraph response extensions** - you can send invalidation requests via subgraph response extensions, allowing a subgraph to invalidate cached data right after a mutation.

One invalidation request can invalidate multiple cached entries at once. It can invalidate:
- All cached entries for a specific subgraph
- All cached entries for a specific type in a specific subgraph
- All cached entries for a specific entity in a specific subgraph

To process an invalidation request, the router first sends a `SCAN` command to Redis to find all the keys that match the invalidation request. After iterating over the scan cursor, the router sends a `DEL` command to Redis to remove the matching keys.

#### Configuration

> You can configure entity cache invalidation both globally (`preview_entity_cache.invalidation`) and per subgraph (`preview_entity_cache.subgraph.subgraphs.invalidation`).

Reviewer: Adding clarification that subgraph overrides global setting:

```suggestion
You can configure entity cache invalidation globally with `preview_entity_cache.invalidation`. You can also override the global setting for a subgraph with `preview_entity_cache.subgraph.subgraphs.invalidation`. The example below shows both:
```

```yaml title="router.yaml"
preview_entity_cache:
  enabled: true

  # global invalidation configuration
  invalidation:
    # address of the invalidation endpoint
    # this should only be exposed to internal networks
    listen: "127.0.0.1:3000"
    path: "/invalidation"
    scan_count: 1000

  subgraph:
    all:
      enabled: true
      redis:
        urls: ["redis://..."]
      invalidation:
        # base64 string that will be provided in the `Authorization: Basic` header value
        shared_key: "agm3ipv7egb78dmxzv0gr5q0t5l6qs37"
    subgraphs:
      products:

>         # per subgraph invalidation configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # per subgraph invalidation configuration overrides global configuration
```

The time complexity of a single invalidation request grows linearly with the number of entries, as each entry requires `SCAN` to iterate over. The router can also execute multiple invalidation requests simultaneously. This lowers latency but might increase the load on Redis instances.

To help tune invalidation performance and scalability, you should benchmark the ratio of the invalidation rate against the number of entries that will be recorded. If it's too low, you can tune it with the following:
- Increase the number of pooled Redis connections.
- Increasing the `SCAN` count option. This shouldn't be too large, with 1000 as a generally reasonable value, because larger values will reduce the operation throughput of the Redis instance.
- Use separate Redis instances for some subgraphs.

> ### Private information caching

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Private information caching
```
